Ok
Look at this.
I see.
Mu Shuang is coming to challenge Dongying tomorrow
Okay?
Then you are still so leisurely?
This woman is not easy to deal with
Since he challenged us, Dongying has been at his disposal
Wang liulei
Is the joke starting?
Yes
This is the master haircut brother
Diaosho
Mother
One-eyed home
Starring look back
Ha ha.
I used to walk the rivers and lakes
penniless
Tournament with people
If you lose the bet, take the physical one and pay it back
Dazed so far
There must be two white clearances
It's just that martial arts alone can win
And my holiday rice enemy
Shi Huanxiang
smell
Xianshan does not ask
Hahaha, stop being a crime.
The square inch is in chaos
Hahaha, I really didn't expect it.
Mr. Saito can still find such a master
Hahaha
Hey then
Han Xin Shen Ming?
I naturally have my cards, but
He has to win Songdo first
To be eligible
Meet my people
Good good you old man
Since you are so confident
Then I think Mr. K
You should be relieved.
Ahahahaha
As long as Mu Wushuang dares to compete tomorrow
Then let him
Where the dead are buried?